# The Novelist Who Hates Movie Love

Benny was a novelist living in a small Brooklyn apartment. He moves to the states while he was 22, and he’s been in New York every since. Benny wanted to make it as a novelist, but the city was packed with writers, poems, directors, and all sorts of artists. Being artsy, and with some modest ability to write, is largely depreciated here.  When he was not writing, or waiting tables, or running, Benny liked to go to movies, on his own. One thing you should know about Benny, is that he hates people with bad theatre etiquette. He once got in a fight with someone who kept talking during a movie. It was not even a good movie, but the person behind him had been talking the whole movie and Benny had enough. Benny turned around and shushed the guy. Embarrassed by Beeny, the guy shushed back and made a nasty hand gesture when he was dragged out of the theater by the stuff. The movie Benny was seeing, well he couldn’t remember the name, it was a sequel to some Hollywood production that once was a hit. But he still remembered the girl he went to the movie with. It was his ex-girlfriend. Benny had been dating that girl for almost a year at that time. They were different, but they agree on one thing, people should not speak during movies. So they were able to enjoy movies together, a lot. But eventually, that’s how they drifted apart. Some different views on the movies. Let’s take La La Land for example, Benny thought it was a great romantic movie, but his ex didn’t think so. The two people didn’t end up together and they went for their own dreams. To Benny, that’s what love was for. You enjoy a journey together, but you are still two individuals, and to whatever ends it leads, you make the most out of it. To his ex, they didn’t end up together. So for the three years they were together, Benny never got to watch La La Land with that girl, even once.

  

One of Benny’s ex girlfriends once called him a desperate romantic with a head full of dreams. For some reason, Benny took that as an insult. Romance, dream, being unrealistic, was once, and maybe still, a bad word, especially for a guy. When a man grew up, the older he got, the less romantic he was supposed to be. Talking about moving to Europe and spending years there or, as what Ben did, quitting his full time job to write a book and part time as restaurant host and baristas, was supposed to be a pipe dream, well unless you have a wealthy parents who set up a trust fund, or you ok with living this whole life as a homeless. Unfortunately for Benny, he didn’t belong to either. So when someone asked what Benny did, he felt guilty, when he said “Novelist”. True, he wrote stories, he had tons of ideas, he spent the long night lying awake in bed thinking about his story. Benny projected part of himself on the main character of his story. It was a story about a detective who didn’t belong, well anywhere. That’s how Benny usually felt. That he didn’t belong anywhere. Part of the reason why he still had that pipe dream of moving to Europe. In fact, New York might be the first place he was willing to call home. New York City, a place where countless dreams were born, shattered, raised from ashes, or got buried with the next G train that never came. But, writes love New York City. You can write the most bizarre story, and people wouldn’t have a hard time believe it. They would just say, “well, that’s new york city”. You see people talking to themselves in a dark corner, you see people smoking weed while walking their dogs, 8 in the morning, you see Jake Gyllenhal running down the Hudson Greenway on a freezing cold Sunday morning. You see it though the eyes of Woody Allen, you imagine yourself living with your best friends across the hall, or met the perfect stranger at Katz’s Deli. Sure, all that, that’s love, and that’s romance. That’s what this amazing city promised you, that you can spend the summer night strolling along the river talking to whom you thought would be the love of your life. And for a brief moment, you thought, I am living in the real life movie. Benny hated all that. He didn’t come to new york for that. He came here, because this is arguably the most noisy place in the world. He can be an introvert here without losing his mind. Well you need to talk to all different kinds of people everyday. Your concierge, the front desk, the barista, your dates, sometimes, even your neighbors. Benny couldn’t believe it, what kind of sociopath talk to their neighbors.

  

We are off topic. Coming back to Benny’s hatred of movie love. Yes, La La Land. Benny still loves that movie, but not because it’s a great story, or whatever illusion it pictured for the los angles. Because it’s simply, a great movie, the music, the composition, the lighting, and how the director got you on the hook. But Benny hated that love story now, even with that perfectly reasonable ending. Benny couldn’t live with overdue bill, or random weekday afternoon just driving around, or living in with a girl without himself doing anything, he would consider that a life not worth living and he’d rather, DIE. So yeah, that’s why Benny started to hate movie love, because it’s absolutely not a mirror of the real life, or maybe what we saw in the mirror was not real either. So when Benny looked for love, he tried to put a lid on the romantic part of himself. He didn’t want to seem too eager, he didn’t want to say the L word first, he wanted to slow things down, and sometimes he simply wanted to give up. The head full of dream, Benny blew that out with a pistol made of movie quotes and tons of failed attempt. He still loves movie, in fact, he stayed in his apartment because it was upstairs of a movie theater. For that, he can look past the weird old neighbor next door, or the constant smell of marijuana in the hall. Benny lived his life, unequivocally hating movie love. Now let’s talk about the novelist part of him. The story Benny was working on, oh yeah he worked on it real hard. He wrote in an airport lounge, in countless nights when he waited someone to reply his text, in the bar downstairs where he wanted to look mysterious (well he did get hit on couple times that night). And he still had the dream, of becoming a published and established writer. He wanted his story to get picked up by some producer and he could walk down the red carpet someday. So he wrote and he wrote and he wrote. But, as we’ve already established, Benny will always and forever be a second rate writer with the most unattractive writing skills.

  

Then, Benny met Annie.

  

It’s not in Katz’s Deli. Nor did they bump in to each other in the bookstore and madly fell in love. Or catch each other’s eyes on the late night train to Bushwick. They met on dating app. The first date was mundane, they exchanged stories, hobbies, compliment each other’s taste, over a cup of decaf Americana and Oat Match Latte. Benny ended the date to go work out, and he later learned that was an instant red flag. But they went on second date, third date, fourth date, and Benny kissed Annie on fourth date. Everything was going so well, they walk, they laugh, they sat down by the river and shared a slice of pizza over the summer brisk, they caught the first glimpse of fall, they watched each other’s favorite movie together, see the firework at coney island on a summer Friday night. But when they start talking about the future, things became different. Benny knew deep inside that he wasn’t gonna become a parent, or he felt he was not qualified to became a parent. But Annie wanted to start a family in five years. Well, once they knew this would eventually became a unreconcilable difference, Benny stopped putting much effort into it. Let’s just skip the heartbreaking part of how they broke up. It’s nothing dramatic, just a friendly dinner and they talked over things.

  

Benny didn’t give up on love, true, his fragile heart was already scared by this time. And he has built up the emotional endurance that could saw his own heart getting roasted till honey glazed and just eat it on a bed of rice. He mistaken the flutter as crush, and the crush as love, and love as a life time destiny. 而她却如此的镇静，另他更加慌乱，而他把这一时的慌乱当作心动，又错把心动当作爱情，最终变成那困在风暴里的一生的命运。maybe that’s why Benny stopped believing those movie loves. Even though he still wrote about them. Cause a love drama never talked about the mundane, the unconformable, the little itchy detail about the other person, how two people, maybe not madly in love, still decide to spend time together, still hold hands and look into each other’s eyes and say “I love you”. That, is the real life romance. Benny is not stuck in the storm. He rides the wave and charge into it with the brave of heart.

  

And my friends, that’s the story about the novelist who now hates movie love.
